readme: Add CounterType and ProgrammingRestriction (#375)
intel/perfmon: README.md

* `PGMABLE`: Programmable counters are general purpose and can be programmed to count one of several events. This is typically
             achieved by configuring MSRs such as `IA32_PERFEVTSEL` or `UNCORE_PERFEVTSEL`.
* `FREERUN`: Free running counters are always on and monotonically increase. Typically these counters are used by measuring the delta
             between two counts.

### ProgrammingRestriction

Certain events do not follow the basic programming paradigm for the given `CounterType`. `ProgrammingRestriction` indicates
how to use the provided event attributes to program the event for collection.

* `None`: The event follows the basic programming paradigm for the given `CounterType`. For Core `FIXED` events,
  `FIXED_CTR_CTRL` MSRs must be used. For Core `PGMABLE` events, `PERFEVTSEL` must be used, and so on.
* `MSRIndex-UMask`: Applicable only to `PGMABLE` events. In addition to the normal `PGMABLE` programming constraints,
  there is an additional MSR (indicated in `MSRIndex`) which must be configured with the value in `MSRValue`. If
  there are several `UMask` entries, then `UMask[N]` and `MSRIndex[N]` are used to select which UMask to program, and

>   which MSR is written. Any of the `MSRIndex` entries is compatible with counters listed in counter fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  there are multiple `UMask` entries, then `UMask` and `MSRIndex` should be used paired in their specified order.
  An event configured with the `N`th UMask, `UMask[N]` must write `MSRValue` to the MSR indicated at the `N`th MSRIndex, `MSRIndex[N]` .
  Any of the `MSRIndex` entries is compatible with counters listed in counter fields.
```
